SOUNDBANK(name in progress) DEMO PROPOSAL
	The main idea for SOUNDBANK(name in progress) is to let users and content creators connect and share exclusive
	content on one platform. Content creators, primarily musicians, can share their content choosing which content is free and which is premium.
	Users in turn will be able to follow their favorite creators with either a free or premium subscription. The payments go directly
	from user to creator. This is an opportunity for musicians to reach their followers directly instead of relying on a streaming service.
	Using conservative estimates from spotify a musician would need to have their music streamed 100000 times to make 400 USD. With a
	subscription based model for their content they could make the same amount of money with 100 followers paying a little over 4 dollars
	a month.

	The primary task going forward is to complete a working demo. After a demo is completing then the next 
	steps can be explored: beta testing, a deliverable product. The demo must have these features and characteristics:
		1. Allow new content creators to make an account
		2. Allow content creators to upload audio files in any standard or high quality format
		3. Allow content creators to choose which content is free or premium
		4. Allow content creators to make edits to specific audio files in the following ways
			* cut, copy, paste and delete sections of audio tracks
			* overlay audio tracks
			* change volume of audio tracks
			* change pitch of audio tracks
			* add a handful of audio effects, amplify, reverb, echo
			* remove background noise
			* compress all tracks into one file
		5. Allow users to find content creators they want to or would enjoy
		6. Allow users to subscribe for a monthly or annual cost to their favorite content creator
		7. All features accessed via a website

	
	The most difficult and time consuming portion of this demo will be the portion of the application that
	allows for audio file editing. For development I propose that we focus on the backend portion of this
 	application and when that is done we either create the frontend or hire someone to do it. This can be 
	completed in any number of languages, python, node, c/c++, etc... all have libraries for audio editing.
	I think moving forward with python is a smart choice because of all three members of our group who code
	Me(Eli) Austin, and Connor(?) it's the language we all know and probably know the best.

	In fact the entire backend can be written in python and we can have node wrappers which call backend api.
	As opposed to having a python server and a node server make api calls to that server. This eliminates some
	overhead and simplifies the development workflow.

	Features 1-3,5-6 should be completed first and quickly. The tasks are not that difficult and for the demo
	We don't need to think about scale, creating a users database can be done on local machines. Demo audio files
	can be stored and retrieved using aws s3 buckets, until a more appropriate cdn service is used. If we decide to move
	forward with SOUNDBANK(name in progress) the list of features can be broken down into subtasks.